
Feature: Unregistered/Guest user should be able to use different Navigation Bar functionalities.

Background:
  Given I navigate to home page

Scenario: Currency change
  As a user, I want to switch between different currencies, so that I can purchase the goods in the currency I wish.

    When I change the currency from the currency list in the header
    Then I should see all products displayed in the currency of choice.

Scenario: User management (unregistered)
  As an unregistered user, I want to go the "User management" link, so that I can create and manage my account.

    When I click the "User management" link in the header
    Then I should see the "Registration" page.

Scenario: User management (registered)
  As a registered user, I want to go the "User management" link, so that I can manage my account.

    When I click the "User management" link in the header
    Then I should see "My Account" page.

Scenario: Log In (Registered)
  As a registered user, I want to go the "Log In" link, so that I can log in to my account.

    When I click the "Log In" link in the header
    and  I fill in the email and password to log in
    Then I see the Home Page as a Registered User.

Scenario: Log In (Unregistered)
  As an unregistered user, I want to go the "Log In" link, so that I can create an account and log into it.

    When I click the "Log In" link in the header
    and  I click the "Register" button to the left
    Then I should navigate to the "Registration" Page

Scenario: WishList (Registered)
  As a registered and logged in user, I want to go the "Wishlist" link, so that I can see the items in it.

    When I click the "Wishlist" link in the header
    Then I see the products added in my "Wishlist".

Scenario: WishList (Unregistered)
  As an unregistered user, I want to go the "Wishlist" link, so that I can see the items in it.

    When I click the "Wishlist" link in the header
    Then I should see 0 products in my "Wishlist".

Scenario: Shopping Cart (Registered)
  As a registered and logged in user, I want to see the shopping cart on the "Shopping cart" link,
  so that I can see the items in it.

    When I click the "Shopping cart" link in the header
    Then I see the products added in my "Shopping cart".

Scenario: Shopping cart (Unregistered)
  As an unregistered user, I want to go the "Shopping cart" link, so that I can see the items in it.

    When I click the "Shopping cart" link in the header
    Then I should see 0 products in my "Shopping cart".
